Otherwise, the info magazine hypothesis you will know about this 52
inch and full hd resolution from philips
one of the highlights of this TV is the digital tuner
the quality of the images of the programs transmitted with digital signal is great
better than trying to explain how the images look on the screen
despite the great pictures for tv signal is like cloud 1080p videos that
you'll make the most of the full HD display resolution of
images with a dynamic contrast ratio of 33,000 per one and the
update of 123 this tv is one of those models that enchant not only
by the beauty of the images her design is also a show apart
she has this transparent finish on the edges and bring it white
wake up back there's a reason it's better to reflect the light here
feature lamps also light
the glass base is also very beautiful but well it could be more functional
it moves very little laterally that complicates the user's life when
it needs to access the back panel of connections here behind the inputs
more important to use are these two hdmi ports
and the two component video inputs
also has a connector to upload to you send signal I saw the vga
microprocessor you have the partial digital audio here an output and the
inputs are all analog so as not to have the job of pushing the tv
whenever it was connected device
she brings that have some collections
is the case of sintra the guardian
to input this video to composite video input
and one with a connector the expertise was here program
one of the weaknesses on top of it and the lack of a usb port
for you to put a cd drive and sports and also play pt on tv
this model has a suggested price of six thousand and three hundred reais